---
layout: post
title: Android Seminar
author: anhnguyen
categories: activities
---

## What is Android?

[Android](http://www.android.com/) is an opensource operating system for
mobile phones developed by Google. This operation system is supported by
many mobile phone manufacturers like HTC, Samsung, Motorola and Sony
Ericsson. Android is designed to help developers build applications
easily using Java and XML. When getting to know about Android, we – IT
students in RMIT will learn and improve our skills about Java, XML as
well as Software Engineering skills. That is one of many reasons that IT
club held the Android seminar in the last semester.

## What was the purposes of the seminar?

Apart from the reasons above, the seminar gave IT students some ideas
about the new mobile platform (Android) and helped them extend their
relationship within the IT community in RMIT. After this seminar, some
students “fell in love” with Android and decided to discover the Android
world deeper.

## How was the seminar?

The seminar was from 9 am to 11 am on April 17th, 2010. There were about
30 participants, mostly IT students in RMIT. There were 3 guest speakers
at the seminar:

-   Mr Tran Vu Tat Binh – Android Technical Leader - FPT Software R&D.
-   Mr Antoine Deroche – Manager - Evivo Vietnam
-   Mr Nguyen Cao Phuc - Senior developer – MultiNC

Some topic that were covered in the seminar:

-   Introduction and comparison between Android and other platforms.
-   Explore some Android APIs.
-   Career opportunities and salary from Android development.
-   How to write simple Android application and deploy it on the Android
    platform.
-   Finally, Mr Phuc helped participants to create their very first
    Android application which is called “Little Spammer”.
