---
layout: post
title: Robocode Tournament Round 3 (Week 8)
categories: [activity, competition, robocode]
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
author: anhnguyen
---

> Last Monday the Robocode tournament concluded with an extremely fun
  session.
> Betting was continued to be featured. However, most "gamblers" lost this
  time due to the surprise brought about by robots that were updated from
  the last session.

<p>Some notable facts:
  <ul>
    <li>Most of the robots saw substantial updates, some even employed the
  advanced movement of "Wave Surfing". Surprisingly though, about half
  of the updates did not function as expected, achieving poorer
  results compared to last week's.</li>
    <li>KeHuyDiet, the absolute champion of the previous week, despite
      having been updated, was entangled in a mesh of no-hit-just-miss
      skirmishes by NewCar, which had not been updated due to assignments'
      pressure on its author. Davik, the other robot of the group, took
      advantage of this stalemate, advancing to the next round.</li>
    <li>KFC was enhanced with 2 "war-cries": a piggy reveling sound upon
      victory, and upon defeat a long shrieking screech resembling that of
      pigs in a slaughterhouse. The latter was loved so much by the crowd
      that everyone wished for KFC's death in nearly all of the battles.</li>
    <li>The role of KeHuyDiet was taken by KickAssassin, who dominated every
      match and became the champion of both the session and the
      tournament.</li>
  </ul>
</p>

<p id="_mcePaste">
<!-- Artiss Code Embed v2.0.2 | http://www.artiss.co.uk/code-embed -->
<iframe width="600" height="400" frameborder="0" src="https://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?key=0An-uPFvqJX0gdGlfVkIwYWhtQzZldlEzUWY0a2VrNFE&amp;hl=en&amp;single=true&amp;gid=0&amp;range=A1%3AE13&amp;output=html&amp;widget=true"></iframe>
<!-- End of Artiss Code Embed code -->
</p>

<p id="_mcePaste">All the robots were uploaded <a title="Robots of round 3"
                                                    href="http://dl.dropbox.com/u/7111262/2010B-03.zip">here</a>.</p>

<p id="_mcePaste">And that’s it for this semester. Systematic betting and team battles are to come next time.</p>
