---
layout: post
title: Robocode Coming to Semester 2010B
author: phunehehe
categories: [activities, competitions]
---

## What is Robocode?

[Robocode](http://robocode.sourceforge.net/) is a multi-player game
written in Java where instead of directly participating, players write
code to control simple tanks (robots) provided by the framework. Those
robots then fight against each other in a rectangular battlefield to
determine the winner.

## Purpose

RMIT IT students have little activity outside classrooms. Beside
homework and assignments they have few chances to practice programming,
which is important in improving their skills and building up
self-confidence. In addition, the lack of activities has resulted in the
fact that, despite their small number, IT students are thinly scattered
into small social groups with few connections with others. The
competition is an attempt to provide them with an opportunity to
socialize through a fun contest, which is also relevant to their study,
helping them honing skills they learn in class.

## Description

-   The event will be held in semester B of 2010 and is open to all
    current students of the BP162 program.
-   The competition will be in the form of a tournament where students
    write robots (small programs) to fight against each other, either
    one-on-one or in team battles.
-   The tournament will be split into sessions where students gather to
    attend the matches, which are run on a computer and projected onto a
    large screen.
-   There will be other related activities, which can take place during
    weekly sessions or on [this blog](http://rmitc.org/): voting for
    favourite robot, strategy discussion, framework modification.

