--- layout: post title: Robocode Guideline (English) - 2011A categories:
- Activities - Competitions - Robocode tags: - 2011a - eng - robocode
status: private type: post published: false meta: \_edit\_last: '12'
\_wp\_old\_slug: '' ---

![Robocode 2011A
Poster](http://img593.imageshack.us/img593/2982/robocodepostersmall.jpg)
**Timeline:** 1st-April Fri 15h-16h30: Tutorial session (Room 1.4.20 -
Level 4, Building 1, RMIT University) 8th-April Fri 15h-16h30: Demo
session (Room 1.4.20 - Level 4, Building 1, RMIT University) 13th-April
Wed 17h: Deadline for the Registration 13th-April Wed 23h59: Deadline
for the Submission 16th-April Sat 9h30-16h: Tournament (Melbourne
Theatre - Level 2, Building 1, RMIT University)

## Table of Contents

-   [1 Registration](#sec-1)
-   [2 Coding](#sec-2)
-   [3 Packaging & Submission](#sec-3)
-   [4 Battles](#sec-4)

## 1 Registration {#sec-1}

-   Teams consist of 1-3 members each. All participants must be
    students.
-   Each team can submit 1 robot.
-   Number of teams is limited to 16.
-   Deadline: 2011-04-13 Wed 17:00
-   Contact: Nguyen Thanh Huy
    -   email: s3255150@rmit.edu.vn
    -   phone: 0932184185

## 2 Coding {#sec-2}

-   Robocode version 1.7.2.2 and JVM 1.6.0 will be used.
-   Any JVM language can be used, but the submission has to follow the
    rules outlined in the packaging & submission guide.
-   Only Java SE 6.0, based language API, and Robocode API are allowed.
    Usage of other libraries are prohibited.
-   All robots must subclass robocode.AdvancedRobot.
-   Algorithms & ideas from the Internet can be used, but sources must
    be properly credited. Copying code is strictly forbidden.
-   Final winners will be required to explain the strategies and do code
    walk-through.
-   Detected plagiarism will result in immediate disqualification.

## 3 Packaging & Submission {#sec-3}

-   Submission size must be less than 500KB.
-   Submission must follow packaging & submission guide.
-   Source code must be submitted (see submission guide). All source
    code will be open-sourced after the competition.
-   Deadline: 2011-04-13 Wed 23:59

## 4 Battles {#sec-4}

-   The tournament will proceed in 2 stages:
    -   Group stage: Teams are divided into 4 groups, in which each team
        fight all other teams. 2 strongest teams from each group will
        progress to the next stage. Each match lasts for 15 rounds.
    -   Double-elimination brackets: Losers from the upper bracket go to
        the lower bracket. Losers in the lower bracket are eliminated.
        The final match will be fought between the 2 strongest robots of
        each bracket^^. Each match lasts for 20 rounds.
-   Battlefield size is 1000 x 1000.
-   Game speed will be set at 30. If a match does not end after 4
    minutes, the game will be played at maximum speed to obtain the
    result.
-   Crashed robots will be disqualified.
-   Overall scores are used to determine winner. Other stats will be
    stored for special prize consideration.
-   All disputes are resolved by the judge, who makes the final
    decision.

## Footnotes: {.footnotes}

^^ See
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bracket\_(tournament)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bracket_(tournament))
for explanation.

Author: Nguyễn Tuấn Anh (Edited by: Vu Xuan Loc - adding information)

Date: 2011-03-19 23:09:49 ICT

HTML generated by org-mode 7.3 in emacs 24
