---
layout: post
title: KMS Experience July 2012
categories: [Activities, Business, Industrial Tours - Partnership]
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
author: minhdao
---

>

What's up RMITC boys and girls?!

On July 25,
2012, RMITC had an amazing industrial tour to KMS techonology. The tour
was organized by KMS to introduce the company with the young,
enthusiastic, and just simply awesome future IT-professionals like us
(not only from RMIT, but also from other universities like Back Khoa,
Natural Science, FPT,...). The company emphasized and spent a great deal
of time on its history, positions, current technologies being used at
KMS, internship programs, and some other community activities. After
that, we were all welcome by a special guest Mr. Nguyen Viet Hung one
of the founder and current Managing Director at KMS. Mr. Hung (he
referred to be called anh Hung) gave a special talk about dreams (not
the typical dreams that you have at nights, but more like "What do you
want to do in the future ?") and how he's reached his dreams. The "show"
continued with the lunch session (foods was yummy !!!). Last but not
least, students were introduced to working area of the company and we
were lucky enough to see KMS employees do the chicken dance. Why ?
Because it's their weekly physical exercise. We also had a chance to
talk to a project leader and engineering manager about the current
projects that they are working on.

After all, of course we went home,
but not empty handed. I think there was at least a thing or two that all
the students have learned during the tour. Whether it's about
technologies or dreams or whatever (at least the food was good), it's
worth the time.

Thanks for your attention guys. Have a nice day :D
