---
layout: post
title: As a core, what should you do, basically?
author: tklarryonline
categories: [announcements]
---

> 

## Engaging & Engagement!

One says: "An engaging elephant is full of engagement!" Okay, that one
is me. It is nonsense... yet no sense at all. But it does say something
about engaging, as a Club Core member.

### So what should *YOU* do?

Here is a big list of stuff:

#### Nothing is true

A rule itself could kill the whole generation!!! This so-called document
is not a shitty pile of rules and you **don't have to**strictly follow
it. If you find any rules that are bullshit and you want to change
those, just bring to the core team meeting and we will talk about it.
Just a suggestion, you could start your talk by saying "I think this
rule is suck!" \<Then talk about that one rule\> Everything in this
document and other sayings by Club Executives are **just guidelines**.
We want you to be fully creative! Be whatever you like and we will
welcome it!

#### Swearing is permitted

If you found the last stuff offensive (because of bad words I used), how
about this: You could say bad words, swear i.e. ĐM, VCL, Fuck, Damn and
Shit, etc. stuff like that! But please, I personally don't like or want
to see any insults! You could say ĐM but please don't say this to your
friend "Your mother is a whore!" Please don't... Every time you want to
say someone's idea is a big pile of shit, you should **prove it**. Be
constructive and criticism addictive. We are awesomely open minded
people! Don't worry, yours will be heard and action will be taken.
Unless you try to mind-fuck us... LOL! But seriously, the shitty things
happen below this sentence is really serious!

## Stuff that would help to keep you in the loop!

Well, the things I'm about to say now are those you have the "rights and
responsibilities, bla bla" to do as a part of our so-called 'system' :-"

### To be kept in the loop!

As a core, you will have access to a big-gigantic-ass of Knowledge
Source of the Universe! We will give you the Almighty Key! All you have
to do, is to send an email to the System Admin (or Mr. President) with
those included:

-   Your Dropbox account.
-   Your Student ID, personal Google Mail. We will share the Club's
    Google Drive folder :D

### Using IT Club @rmitc.org

#### Having an [awesome@rmitc.org](mailto:awesome@rmitc.org) email is extremely easy!

As a core member, you will receive an awesomely new email of @rmitc.org.
Your email will be set up as
[firstname.lastname@rmitc.org](mailto:firstname.lastname@rmitc.org) and
that is just for others to find you quickly. But yay, you could ask the
System Admin or Mr. President to *add a nickname* to your email so that
you could send and receive email as
[your-nickname@rmitc.org](mailto:your-nickname@rmitc.org). All you have
to do is **ask**!

#### Be proud and professional

Your @rmitc.org email is encouraged to be used for internal
communication between Club Cores and also, external chit-chat that is
related to our Club :D. To show our awesomeness to the world, let's
change your signature shall we :D. This is an example:

    Best regards,
    Luan Nguyen Thanh
    P R E S I D E N T

    RMIT VIETNAM IT CLUB
    / w: http://rmitc.org
    / f: http://www.facebook.com/rmitc
    / m: rmit.itclub@rmitc.org
    / p: 090.000.0000 - President. <-- If you don't want to include your phone then you could
                                       leave the President's phone here

#### Wandering around and get to know stuff

Our Google Apps is backed with many awesome add-ons i.e. project
management, customer relationship management, etc. And many of those are
free :). For now, our Club is using Mavenlink as the project management
solution. However if you found any awesome apps on Google Apps
Marketplace and want to have it in the Club's Google Apps, just **ask**
the System Admin ;). We will install that app, test it and decide if it
would benefit the Club then you and the others could use it!

### Getting in our Wordpress blog

As a core, you will receive an account at our Club's blog. But please
send your desire username to the System Admin! Since the username cannot
be changed, you will be given a firstname.lastname username if you
didn't act soon enough! After having an account, first thing you should
do is to update your personal profile. You don't want the readers of
your posts know nothing about you but your name, do you?!

### ... and some Facebook stuff

Our Facebook page is very active, thanks to every beloved core! I won't
ask you to share every new post on our Facebook page, but please share
it if you really love it :D. It is a great way to tell everybody in the
team that the post is awesome and we should keep on doing that! { *life
changes, sh!t happens, this post is to be updated* }
