--- layout: post title: We are proud of RMIT Basketball Team categories:
- News - RMIT Spirit! tags: - sport status: publish type: post
published: true meta: \_edit\_last: '12' seo-title: '' seo-description:
'' seo-keywords: '' layout-type: '0' sidebar-type: Global Sidebar
title-show: '0' title-content: '' slide-type: '0' layer-slide-id: '0'
rev-slide-id: '0' video-type: '0' video-content: '' audio-type: '0'
audio-content: '' show-related-post: '0' show-related-post-number: '3'
\_thumbnail\_id: '989' \_wpas\_done\_all: '1' \_wpas\_skip\_3380076: '1'
\_wpas\_skip\_3380081: '1' --- [caption id="attachment\_989"
align="aligncenter" width="768"][![Basketball team won
championship](http://rmitc.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/bb.jpg)](http://rmitc.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/bb.jpg)
Basketball team won championship[/caption]

> My heart skipped a beat as the match went to its last 2 seconds.

It was the feeling that I had in last few seconds while RMIT Basketball
team was competing with the University of Technology (Bach Khoa) at Tan
Binh Stadium in HCM city on 14 April for the championship of Ho Chi Minh
local area of Vietnam University Game 2013. That was the second time the
team competed against University of Technology. The first match was in
qualifying round and now here we were: Meeting again in the final match!
[caption id="attachment\_927" align="aligncenter" width="300"][![Let's
RED them
all](http://rmitc.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Lets-RED-them-all-300x300.jpg "RMIT-ers slogan!")](http://rmitc.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Lets-RED-them-all.jpg)
RMIT-ers slogan![/caption] On RMIT-ers’ Facebook pages the day before
the final match, the iconic “**Let’s RED them all**” avatar was spotted
everywhere. This act proved the fact that we are united as one and no
one can defeat us. Just those simple four words on that plain red
background strengthened our spirit and the belief that our basketball
team will be the champion of this final match. The match began at 4 pm,
but RMIT fans had been at the stadium since 2:30 pm and quickly filled
up our assigned half of the grandstand. The atmosphere inside the
stadium was hotter by the fans’ red shirt and their shouts. They shouted
at the top of their voice at the match. The stadium looked like it would
explode any time. In the first half of the match, our team took the
lead. The gap between two teams’ scores was not significant, fluctuating
between 3 and 5. At half time, RMIT team got higher score than
Technology University team. In the second half, Technology University
basketball players’ spirit got high thanks to the win of their dance
team in the Freestyle Dancing competition. They played better and
faster. The gap between two scores was closer. For the last few minutes
of the match, the stadium's atmosphere seemed to be the most dramatic
because of the score chasing between two teams. Emotions ran high in the
last 2 seconds when two teams had the same score. Not stopping there,
the tireless RMIT warriors got two free throws to Technology University
basket at 30s left. The husky foreign player wearing number 12 added the
decisive point for our team on the result board, 27 – 28 and brought the
championship of the local area of Vietnam University Game to RMIT
basketball team. Mere words just can't describe the happiness of RMIT
fans at that time. The stadium was filled with the joyous shouts of RMIT
fans. RMIT basketball team has written their name in history of Vietnam
University Game and they've proved to other basketball teams coming from
different universities in HCM city that “**RMIT has REDded you all**”.
