---
layout: post
title: A rule of thumb guide to buying legacy/old smartphones
author: hadobac
categories: [tutorials]
---

Smartphones technology is all about the next big thing, you know it, with the Galaxy Note 3 and
iPhone 5S coming and everybody is getting frenzy. It's an annual thing that phone manufacturers
release new flagships with leading edge specs,  in order to drive customer demands. However, beside
those tech reviewers from sites like Engadget, most of us don't have the budget to purchase every
phones. Besides, most of the improvement associated with these new devices are incremental, such as
a bit faster CPU, a bit more RAM, a bit more fancy camera... Yet, as soon as these badboys appear
on shelves, people buying them like hotcakes, with rdiiculously high price.

[First week of iPhone 5 sales, Apple sold 5 millions in the USA
alone](http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/tech/story/2012/09/24/first-week-of-iphone-5-sales/57834504/1)

It's not a bad thing, instead it a signal of a healthy economy.  Nevertheless, if they can
wait**half more year**to get the iPhone 5**, they can get it by 2/3 of the original price**. I'm a
huge fan of second-handed technology. I'm not talking about the legendary yet tatty Nokia 3310 'the
Indestructible'. I'm talking about classy phones that makes your friends believe that you must have
spent a fortune, while indeed you only spent less than 3 millions VND (\$150). Since you will be
getting second-handed devices, usually the warranties are expired.  You have to ensure that the
quality is decent enough, before handing the cash and happily resting your hands on these cheap but
durable badboy.  Here's my rule of thumb guide: For an Android device:

[http://www.redmondpie.com/hidden-android-secret-codes-for-samsung-htc-motorola-sony-lg-and-other-devices/](http://www.redmondpie.com/hidden-android-secret-codes-for-samsung-htc-motorola-sony-lg-and-other-devices/)

For a generic Sony Ericsson phone:

[http://www.wikihow.com/Open-the-Service-Menu-on-Sony-Ericsson-Phones](http://www.wikihow.com/Open-the-Service-Menu-on-Sony-Ericsson-Phones)

For a Samsung

### 1 - The screen

The vast majority of smartphones use touchscreens. The screen, therefore, is not only the window
into your cyber world, it's your only means of interaction with it, so a good screen is essential.
If there are lots of scratches on the screen, then demand a large discount or walk away.

### 2- The body

This is where you can pick up a bargain. In stark contrast to the screen, a damaged body can be a
bargain hunter's dream. A lot of people see a scuff or dent as a deal breaker, but if you can live
with a protective case on your pride and joy then nobody need ever know. Don't tell the seller that
though!

### 3 - The battery

This depends on the phone you're looking at. If the seller states that the battery doesn't hold its
charge very well, it's generally because one of the cells is knackered.  This is easily resolved
with a replacement, which can be picked up cheaply from your favorite Internet auction site. Not so
fast though.  Always check that your proposed purchase has a replaceable battery.  iPhones, [HTC
One](http://www.coolsmartphone.com/2013/02/26/mwc-htc-in-barcelona-a-full-workout-with-the-one/
"HTC One") and various other modern phones are sealed units. So, unless you're a surgeon, steer
clear of these devices if the batteries are degraded.

### 4 - Software

If you're looking for a reliable phone to use immediately, then keep away from phones with software
problems. However, if you're technical, or want to become technical, a phone with a software issue
is also a potential bargain. Search the net for the make, model and symptoms. Chances are that
you'll find out if it's fixable, and if so, how to fix it. Beware though! Some fixes can be very
risky, and you could very easily end up making things worse. Only buy a faulty phone if it's cheap
and you're confident you can rectify the defect.

### 5 - Don't underestimate the value of trust

The ideal situation when buying second hand is seeing it before paying for it. However, the reality
is that there's far more choice online. When buying a phone online all you have to go on is a
description and photos. Unfortunately one person's idea of "good condition" is another's "on its
last legs", so if you're not going to see it before parting with your pennies you need to judge how
trustworthy the seller is. If there's a choice of two identical phones, always go for the most
reliable seller, even if you have to pay a slight premium.

### 6 - Reconditioned products

If you want second hand goods but feel wary about not having a warranty then you can find lots of
reconditioned phones with limited warranties. Once again, they can command a higher price, but
you're paying for peace of mind. Apple (amongst others) even have their own reconditioned outlet.
I've seen their products and you'd never know that they aren't brand new. Lastly, and perhaps most
importantly, **do your research**. Sites such as ours are constantly reviewing handsets, but we
don't delete them once their discontinued. They're archived away, but easily accessed, not only on
Google, but also through the site search facilities. Forums are also a good place to look and ask
question of current and past owners.


If anybody doubts the mogul, here's the list of phones I have purchased so far (of course,
second-handed): Nokia 3210 (2007) -> Nokia 6300 (2008) -> Sony Ericsson K750i (2009) -> Sony
Ericsson P1i (2010) -> HTC Kaiser (2011) -> HTC Touch Pro2 (2011) -> Samsung Galaxy S (2012) -> HTC
Desire HD (2012) -> Samsung Galaxy Nexus (2013) -> Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (2013). Lately I also
bought Nokia X1 (2012) -> Blackberry 8820 -> Sony Ericsson P1i as backups. Except the Galaxy S and
Galaxy Note 2, which I bought brand-new, other phones are 2 - 3 years old when I purchase them.
What I did was I sold the current phone, and spend a tiny fraction more to acquire the new one.
