--- layout: post title: Amazing Gameloft Industrial Tour! categories: -
Activities - Gallery - Industrial Tours - Partnership tags: - gameloft
status: publish type: post published: true meta: \_edit\_last: '12'
bfa\_virtual\_template: hierarchy seo-title: '' seo-description: ''
seo-keywords: '' layout-type: '0' sidebar-type: Global Sidebar
title-show: '0' title-content: '' slide-type: '0' layer-slide-id: '0'
rev-slide-id: '0' video-type: '0' video-content: '' audio-type: '0'
audio-content: '' show-related-post: '0' show-related-post-number: '3'
\_wpas\_skip\_3380076: '1' \_wpas\_skip\_3380081: '1' \_thumbnail\_id:
'798' ---

[![Gameloft Industrial
Tour](http://rmitc.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/dfasdf-300x76.jpg)](http://rmitc.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/dfasdf.jpg)

Did you enjoy the Gameloft Industrial tour??? The tour was interesting,
wasn't it? If you have already had your own plan to work in the game
industry, Gameloft may be one of the great choices for you. After taking
the tour around Gameloft, watching how its employees worked, talking
directly to many people there and listening to them sharing their
experience, we, the RMIT ITers, have collected many useful information
in preparation for our future job. Moreover, the friendly employees
there also helped us know about the important role of programmers (our
job) in developing mobile games, especially the smartphone ones. The
first thing we explored at Gameloft was the professional working
environment of a big company. English is the main language and the only
language allowed in working time. It's used for communicating between
Vietnamese as well as foreign people. We as the RMIT students found it
very suitable for us because we have already studied in an English
environment. Next, there was nobody who worked alone at Gameloft.
Everyone has to work in team. This improves their soft skill and prevent
the employee to be isolated from the company community. Lastly, what we
feel the most impressive is that Gameloft's employees also have their
own relax area, where they can play video games or take a rest and
continue working efficiently. Surprisingly, Gameloft Vietnam is the
largest studio of Gameloft all over the world. It takes the
responsibility in almost every phase in developing a game including
designing, coding and testing. The process is flexibly managed by
the project leader and allocated to suitable team member. After
finishing development, the game is sent to Gameloft's headquarter and
distributed to users. In the tour, we also had the change to play and
investigate some of the games from Gameloft Vietnam. These games include
Asphalt 6, Block Breaker and Shark Dash. We were also given many devices
to test those games, from the very low end feature phones to those
newest high end devices like iPhone, iPad or the new Nokia Lumia one.
Before we left, we had taken many photos with Gameloft employees and
receive some memorable gift from them. [gallery
ids="774,775,776,777,778,779,780,781,782,783,784,788,785,786,787,789,790,791,792,793,794,795,796,797,799,798"]

*(Huan Le)*
