---
layout: post
title: 'People, Places & Events in Vietnam Startup Community'
author: tommyly
categories: [career, tutorials]
---

[Last week]({% post_url 2013-04-11-tech-entrepreneurship %}), I have covered the very general
concept of startup & investment definition and type of startup investment in Vietnam.  This
article's main purpose is to show you key peoples, events and resources that I think you need to
know in Vietnamese market.

## Key investors:

### [Henry Nguyen - Managing General Partner of IDG Ventures Vietnam](http://idgvv.com.vn/en/team/henry-nguyen)

Henry (Hoang) Nguyen currently serves as the Managing General Partner of IDG Ventures Vietnam.
Prior to joining IDG Ventures, Henry was an Associate at Goldman Sachs in the Technology group in
New York and an NIH Neurodevelopment Research Fellow and Northwestern University. While attending
medical school, Henry collaborated in the formation of S2S Medical Publishing, which published
books, test prep and learning materials directed towards medical students and
physicians-in-training.  After S2S Medical Publishing was sold to Blackwell Science, he also helped
found Medschool.com, a distance-learning platform for medical students and medical professionals.
Henry graduated magna cum laude from Harvard University, which he attended as a Harvard National
Scholar, in 1995 with a BA in Classics. After Harvard, Henry earned his MD and MBA from
Northwestern University Medical School and the Kellogg School of Management in Chicago, Illinois.
He is a member of the Young Global Leaders program of the World Economic Forum and is an Asia
Society, Asia 21 Leader. Henry also is an advisory board member of Operation Smile in Vietnam.
Henry is an avid fan of music and you can often find him listening to rock and jazz favorites. In
addition to music, he is also a big fan or sports, including lacrosse, football, and golf.

### [Nguyen Manh Dung - Head of Vietnam office of CyberAgent Ventures](http://www.cyberagentventures.com/en/memberinfo-en/link-nguyen-manh-dung/)

Mr. Nguyen Manh Dung worked in a Japanese manufacturing company, in charge of import & export
department. Also he worked in the biggest software company in Vietnam, experienced several projects
to develop Japanese market. He decided to study abroad to Japan and he researched finance and
economy. April 2009, he joined CyberAgent Investment, Inc.  Now the name of company has changed to
CyberAgent Ventures, Inc. He is in charge of the investment activities and management support for
venture capitals in Vietnam. He has invested in more than 12 companies so far, and succeeded in
exiting 1 company. Graduated from Foreign Trade University in Hanoi, Vietnam and Graduated School
of Economics in Hosei University in Tokyo, Japan.

### [Duy Le, General Partner of PVNI](http://pvni.vn/en/about.html?view=company&layout=about&q=60)

Duy brings to PVNI with more than 12 years of experience in operating global software delivery
organization at various leadership positions and more than 4 years of experience in consulting and
funding startups in Vietnam. His industry base includes IT/IS, tourism, healthcare, financial
services, telco, garment and consumer services. Duy is currently the Vice President of Delivery
Services at CSC Vietnam where he provides oversight and leadership over approximately its project
portfolio and delivery operations of 700 direct and indirect reports.  Out of 9 years serving CSC,
Duy worked in the United States for more than 3 years while working on his MBA program at Kennesaw
State University (KSU). Duy started his professional career with a small local software company in
1999, when he was still the second year student.  During that time he helped set up several
ventures including TravelToVietnam, an online travel services for foreigners that want to go to
Vietnam. Graduated in 2003 with good standing, he developed his career further with one of the top
software outsourcing companies in Vietnam, which was eventually acquired by CSC. Duy has been
consulting and helping various early-stage ventures in Vietnam, as an effort to help young
entrepreneur to build and run the business in a better way.  He also did occassional angel
investments as well as led Seed, Series A and later rounds of funding. Duy holds good academic
record with two times winning the National Prize in IT for Talented High School Students (1997 and
1998) and various notable awards and recognitions (Eureka, Local IT Talent, etc.) He earned a free
entrance to the university of his choice, University of Technology in Ho Chi Minh city, where he
earned his BS in Computer Science.

### [Christopher Quang Zobrist](http://about.me/christopherzobrist)

Christopher Quang Zobrist started his professional career as an entrepreneur, and now has over 12
years of experience building technology businesses in both developed and developing economies. He
now serves as the Deputy Director of the John von Neumann Institute's Innovation, Leadership, and
Entrepreneurship Programs at Vietnam National University - Ho Chi Minh City. Through this position
and as an active angel investor, he is leading the development of the entrepreneurial ecosystem in
Vietnam. Currently, Mr. Zobrist is leading the design and implementation of World Bank funded
projects to create a scalable and sustainable co-working, co-incubation, and seed acceleration
network in Vietnam. Mr. Zobrist received his Bachelor's of Science in Business Administration from
UC Berkeley with a concentration in Entrepreneurship and Leadership Development, and a Masters in
Business Administration from UC Davis with a concentration in International Business and
Innovation. He is a Certified Incubation Management Trainer at the World Bank's Infodev Division
and Asia Pacific Incubation Network, and is a member of the Kauffman Global Partners Network. He is
currently based in Ho Chi Minh City, and is focused on developing high-impact entrepreneurs in
Vietnam as well as building connections between Vietnam and the global entrepreneur ecosystem.

## Key tech-blogger

### [Anh-Minh Do - Blogger of TechInAsia](http://www.techinasia.com/author/anh-minh-do/)

Minh juggles keeping his pulse on Vietnam's start-up, social media and technology scenes while
keeping his eye on the budding Southeast Asian web-influenced cultures. His main areas of research
include social media, apps, start-up, online marketing, web culture and events. He's currently
based in Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam. He has more than 144 posts about Vietnamese start-up market and
also doing MC & event organizing like Tech Tuesday, Web Wednesday and Barcamp Saigon. He is also an
active user on Quora and have broad range of knowledge related to Zen, Buddhism and Neuroscience.

### [Ngân Sâu - Founder of Action.vn](http://www.action.vn)

[Action.vn](http://www.action.vn/ "Action.vn") acts like a liaison between startup company and key
events. If you want to know most updated tech event in SaiGon, [Action.vn](http://www.action.vn/
"Action.vn") is definitely a place you should go.

## Key event

### [Startup Vietnam Conference](http://startup.vn/startup/index.php)

The Startup Vietnam Conference (SVC) is an annual event that helps to inspire action within the
Vietnam Startup Community. Last year, their featured speakers are from all over the world such as
Chuck Eesley - Professor of Entrepreneurship from Stanford, Ray Wu- ambassador of JFDI Singapore,
Rodrigo Martinez-serial entrepreneurs.

### [Tech Tuesday & Web Wednesday](https://www.facebook.com/WebWednesdayVietnam/info)

Web Wednesday is a regular networking event for anyone who works within or is interested to learn
about Digital media and Internet industry in Vietnam. They are trying to organize preferably at the
last Wednesday of every month with a variety of topics and guest speakers. Their recent topics are:
Big Data, Gamification & Leadership for Startup

### [Start Me Up](https://www.facebook.com/startmeup.vn)

Start Me Up is the monthly startup event in Sai Gon featuring founders, venture capitalists,
investors, representative from big companies around South East Asia and Silicon Valley. The do
fireside chat, panel discussion, startup seminar, movie screening with prestigious speakers from
Golden Gates Ventures, TechInAsia, JFDI Singapore, SoftLayer, VietnamWorks, etc.

## Next topic: Online resources on entrepreneurship and business skills

Curated by [Tommy Ly](http://www.tommy.ly "Tommy Ly")
