---
layout: post
title: Induction Day 2015A
author: DienBui
categories: [activity]
---

> In the Induction Day, we will give you detailed information
> about the upcoming events and the IT Club's executive election.

**Every Saturday from Week 3 to Week 11: Tech talk** 
An event for IT Students to learn from each other, even 
from IT Alumni who are now working in IT Industries.

**Wednesday of Week 8 and Week 9: Ruby on Rails (RoR) workshop** 
Ruby on Rails is a very powerful web framework, for more information about RoR 
you can check out this [website](http://rubyonrails.org/). This event will focus on testing with Rails, 
which can be very useful for students who are taking Software Engineering 
Process and Tool this semester.

**Saturday Week 10: Team-building party** 
In this party you will have a chance to relax before the tough upcoming final exam, 
make friends and on that day we will announce the new executives  IT Club.   

**Optional** 
We intent to organize a GIT workshop for students in Process and Tool course. 
This event will be established depending on the students’ demand. For more 
information on Git, you can check out this [website](http://www.git-scm.com/).   


## Executive Election (2015B - 2016A period)
The executive election has **3** states. 

In the first state, you will need to tell us the position(s) you would like to 
nominate for in this [form](http://goo.gl/gYvnUa). 

In the second state, after submitting the form you will have to submit your nomination 
letter (please remember to put your name in the letter's title) and your picture to this 
email address: **s3445846@rmit.edu.vn**.

**Remember: The deadline for the first 2 states is Sunday Week 9.**

The final state is the voting. This will last from **Monday Week 10 to Friday Week 10**, 
every member in the club can vote for their favorite candidates. On **Saturday week 10**, 
we will inform everyone about the next executives of IT Club.